my day has been stressful as crap. the most interesting thing that happened was me being able to relax and enjoy a youtube video. Youtube videos are things I hold precious to me these days. They brighten my day and are essential to my mood and activities in order for me to stay sane. Without them my day would have been even worse.

my take on the newest spiderman movie was that it was the best movie released this year and deserves the hype. I tend to rather lean towards “overrated” things, but I truly believe it deserves the praise and popularity that was granted towards it. I believe the sequel for this movie will live up the series’ standards

I would pay off my parents debt, go on a shopping spree, have a big gathering with friends and family. I have many reasons for each and based on the day my answer to this question could realistically change. I’ve always been into shopping and a shopping spree was something I always wished I had the money for. Debt is a big problem for my parents (mainly my dad) and I would like to help solve my loved one’s problems. Lastly, I hold my close friends and family close to my heart and think they all deserve the world so a big party to treat them all would be nice.

sadly a memorable childhood story that comes to mind is kindergarden when i fell on the playground a broke many bones and ended up injured for a bit. I’ve noticed that I seem to remember mainly bad memories these days. It’s a problem I’ve been trying to resolve and learn about since it is quite the plan to deal with and wish I wouldn’t think that way to be completely honest. It takes a lot more effort for me to relive and rethink positive memories which is just sad to think of.

my morning routine is getting up, eating breakfast while watching youtube, showering, brushing teeth, and getting ready to plan my day. My days aren’t really as consistent and structured as I like it to be. However, I do think my routine is nearly optimal since I do tend to get a lot of stuff done when I put my drive and determination into something. Mindset is everything to me and once I better my mindset I think I will see an improvement in my routine.

