Today was interesting. I am on my Thanksgiving break for UNR, and I am writing a stylometric solver for the CS 425 class, and it is rough. Stylometry is such an annoying task. We have to use something called John Burrow's delta, and I am gonna be honest. I want to fucking kill someone lol. I have other research obligations and work to do, and I think we slightly bit more than we can chew tbh. I wish that we did a game so that we don't have to do this lol. It's kinda bad. I really hope that it's gonna work out sometime, but we don't know anything yet. Let's hope for high quality responses for all the other pollers. :D I am writing this for around 2 minutes, and it's gonna be rouggghhhhh. 

My take on the Five Nights at Freddy's move is rather positive. I usually hate watching movies, but it's really decent. It was streamed on Peacock, and my friend paid around $5 in order to watch the movie. The movie is a bit corny, but I think it adds character in that way. Unlike other movies, it kind of embraces it. The story is a bit different from the game that I remember, and I think it could really work on the terror and horror theme that it was supposed to be based on. Scott Cawthon really helped with setting up the experience to be a "fan service". The movie was nice, and I think the actor Josh Hutcherson really did fine for the role of Mike Schmidt. I just wish that the story was more towards the lore of FNAF. It's decent, in short.

The first three things I'd do if I won the lottery are: buying a new computer set up, paying off any debt my family has incurred, and eating a nice meal or nice meals. I have never really owned a computer since I was a little kid (like less than 8). I have always used a laptop for doing anything. Hell, I am using a laptop right now for writing this response. I really want a strong computer so that I can play better video games and just enjoy life in general. The second thing I would do is to pay off any debt my family, especially my sister incurred. She is a pharmacy major and thus she has tons of debt to pay off as soon as she leaves schooling. I want to be there to help her get out of that debt, and I would do.

A memorable childhood story of mine involves my grandpa from my mother's side. I don't know why, but a thought to always scrape countertop filing, which was white like salt, into his tea was a good idea. I might have just been a freaking psycho since I was young, which is a terrible thing to do. Of course, I did not know the implications of life and death in that time. My grandpa would catch me scraping the white filings and gathering them together. He would see me pour it all inside his teapot, and he would even see me obviously offer the tea to him. Of course, he was smart enough to not drink the weird tea. This is just a weird story that sticks to me. I never had any intent on killing anyone, but I think the idea to prank people has always been something that defined me when I was young.

My opinion of the Israeli and Palestinian conflict is very uninteresting. I understand that both sides have committed great wrong to one another. Israel is responsible for invading on the Palestinians since the end of the Second World War. However, this was largely due to Europe's antisemitism. They were persecuting (Holocaust) all if not most of the Jewish population in Europe, leaving them no place to stay but to look outwards. I also understand that the Palestinians stand favorably with HAMAS, a terrorist group responsible for great injury and horrible acts against the Israelites. However, I cannot condone senseless bombing that Israel is committing against the Palestinians. I want the Israelites and Palestinians to approve TRUE and correct boundaries in order to prevent such horrible acts in the future out of hate. In addition,

A superpower that I would want is to read other people's minds. I believe that I can fully trust others and navigate my way through society far better if I have a great read on other people's minds. For example, people would not be able to lie to me nor take advantage of my trust. I would be at ease and not have to worry about being backstabbed by others since I could read their mind. This satisfaction alone would warrant this power. This power would also allow me to navigate conversations with others with ease. I could not possibly get an answer wrong as long as I know what answers they expect me to say. Though it is very manipulative, I think it would ultimately benefit me since I can avoid people who would otherwise take advantage of me or betray my trust. I think this superpower would also be great in the workplace to build rapport with fellow colleagues and bosses, who expect answers from me. This would also be awesome in a coding interview!

My morning routine is to usually just wash my face (however, I sometimes don't do that out of laziness). I then put on my clothes and get to my car and drive off. This is the case for most days like Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, where I work at the ECC at 8 AM instead of after school. In the case that I have class and work late, I wake up and eat breakfast before doing so. I know it's unhealthy and unhygenic to not wash my face everyday. I even suffer from acne generally. However, I do a lot of work, including this damn response. I really want to be able to get back in shape as well, but I'll have to wait till next year because then I can fully ease my load and live easier. I would not have to deal with assignments LIKE THIS ONE. I can probably ease up my load a bit with the research projects that I'm working on the side as well. I really, really

My favorite book is Tokyo Ghoul. The story is very compelling, and the themes simply resonate well with me. I mean this in the way that the protagonist is your everyday joe, literally. He gets pushed into a world that he doesn't belong in physically. He is also a victim of a lot of abuses that he copes through. I cannot directly relate with his pains, but I can definitely put the pains in another perspective. The author Sui Ishida has once said that the reason for his decision of making the protagonist directly has to do wih the author's real life self. He is a Christian and Japanese. In America, he was both a majority member (Christian) and a minority member (Japanese).

A current trend that I've tried was the Grimmace shake. The experience was oddly great. The shake was very tasty, and I enjoyed drinking it. I thought it would be actually rancid like the advertisements. According to McDonald's, the shake is a blueberry and vanilla shake blend, which is actually very good together. My friend, Matthew Libunao, did not quite enjoy it as much, which is a shame. It was so hard to get the damn shake too. Every place was basically sold out or had it on backorder, which is cringe. The shake is just a very good shake. However, I don't know who Grimmace is and why we celebrate him. Good shake though. Great taste and purple to boot. I also had to drive everywhere to get the damn shake however. I would have liked McDonald's to put more order into it since they made the freaking trend.

One single meal that I would enjoy as my last meal would be fried chicken. It's just a nice and savory food. It fills you up and is very tasty. It really cannot be topped. I would like a soda and maybe some sides like something from Cane's or Poppeye's would also be acceptable. I will never forget the five dollar box from Poppeye's, which is able to feed an entire person for so cheap. I know that fried chicken is bad for you, but tasty food, to me, is always worth some level of risk. Hey, it's only human am I right? lol. Regarding the soda, I would like Coca Cola. It's kind of basic I know, but I think that it's for the nostalgia if it's a last meal.